What's the relationship?
Be my fiancé of Long Xiaoyun
I wronged you.
Oh, my God.
Brother Tibetan Feng turned out to be Long Xiaoyun's fiancé
No wonder something seemed to have happened between them
Lord Long, go back
We are no longer part of the same world
Also rest
How long are you going to make trouble?
Now it's just the two of us.
What have you been through in the past three years?
What brought you here?
Xiaoyun is actually
Sorry I can't comment
Is it annoying?
Don't say it, right?
Then don't blame me for getting started
Stop
I don't care what your relationship with Brother Tang Feng was before
But now Tang Feng is me
I advise you not to mess around
Gringer, right?
Gu Chenxiong's daughter
It's me Long Xiaoyun
This is a hospital.
It's not the male god in you who enters
I suggest you leave now
Otherwise, don't blame me for being rude to you.
As a past person
I also advise you
Don't let down your father and those scumbags
Otherwise, I'm not polite to you either.